# How we work
Seneca is a big project, it spans a number of core projects and and even larger number of non-core
projects, but never-the-less important repos. To manage effort we have a well defined, but not
overly complex workflow.

## Trello
... to follow

### Roadmap
The Roadmap board is where we do all of our planning for Seneca and any other modules owned by the
Senecajs org. The board is split into lists representing Seneca releases. All work is planned in
the context of Seneca releases to keep planning easier.

Cards on this board are very high level, they usually include just enough information on a feature
to enable it to be planned in more detail later. Cards on this board don't move about in the
traditional sense. The only time a card is moved is between versions. The position of a card has
no bearing on it's importance.

The Roadmap board is usually populated based on contributor or customer discussions. We also use
Github issues as a source of information when planning roadmap cards.

Not all cards in a given version list are guaranteed to be completed within that release, the list
is more of a guide of what we would like to include. This means you may see cards moved to other
releases on a regular basis.

See our [roadmap board][]

### Release
The release board is used to plan iterations within a single release. Once a release is ready to
plan we break down the tasks from the roadmap board into more defined chunks of work.

Iterations last a week, using this we split tasks into cards no longer than two or three days; if
a task takes longer we split it further. The amount of iterations per version varies. We typically
work backwards from an ideal release date.

Like cards in the roadmap, we don't guarantee all cards in a given iteration will be completed.
Anything that isn't finished is simply moved to the next iteration and sometimes the next release
if required.

See our current [release board][]

### Task list
We maintain a single tasklist board that represents the current iteration we are on. Cards on this
board are more more finely grained as they are used by contributors to accept and complete actual
work.

Cards on the task list are sourced from the release board and github issues. Things like bugs or
other time sensitive tasks tend to end up on this board without coming down from the roadmap.

Cards usually map to one or more Github issues or pull requests. Generally the former are grouped
into single cards when it makes sense.

See our current [task list][]

## Github
... to follow

[roadmap board]: https://trello.com/b/W2BmvwVx/seneca-roadmap
[release board]: https://trello.com/b/CHOb0esy/seneca-release-0-8
[task list]: https://trello.com/b/snLgpyKC/seneca-task-list
